---
layout: post-light-feature
title: Evil Youtube
description: sux
categories: articles
date: 2017-11-07
---

This author plays the “think about the children” argument which I feel is completely valid. I can remember the first time i viewed porn was a complete accident, and incredibly scary. I was 12 looking up bulldogs. I typed in bulldog.com and was greeted with very graphic pornography. The porn industry is already a dangerous, sexist industry, and free pornography allows for many problems, like exposure to young children and lack of compensation for the pornographers/ porn stars. I also find the youtube argument the author creates is directly related to the issue of over exposure to porn. 
I am the sister or two younger siblings and the 3 & 4 years between us shows there to be a major difference between our relationship to youtube. Bridle wrote “Full-time YouTube celebrity PewDiePie has nearly 12 billion” Views, yet that doesn’t take into account the fact that my siblings and their friends watch PewDiePie together, and I have experienced the show second hand. It’s strange, a lot of the subject material is indeed videos of PewDiePie playing games and narrating his experience. Also, the unwrapping of the kinder eggs replicate this weirdness. Wouldnt children rather play the games? Wouldn't they rather open those eggs themselves?
Bridle states that “On-demand video is catnip to both parents and to children” and this is true. When you think about the history of how people and children had the means to get entertainment through cartoons, instead of bending to the will of a cable channel, now youtube is a faucet that is constantly spewing colorful, free material. What makes this function so toxic is that children become the subjects of ad campaigns, and I argue that youtube is the most corrosive, and aggressive ad delivers. Children have become the victim of personal data collection. 
 Its especially concerning that “the structure of YouTube facilitates the delamination of content and author, and how this impacts on our awareness and trust of its source”. Along with credible youtube episodes, there are many imposters and it may be difficult to differentiate if you were a child. I find fake youtube videos similarly evil to fake news articles that have been swimming around facebook. 
I now question the accountability of these videos. There lies an issue for “when brand and content are disassociated by the platform”. For example, Sesame Street needs to fulfill the moral needs of PBS. Now that youtube is the capitalist “wild west” of video sharing, it is hard to protect children and young people. 
Now that I have queued up all of my concerns I think it’s important to mention the need to monitor children on youtube. This may be difficult so it is also important because of the mundanity of some of these videos, to now offer solutions and options off of youtube. Don’t watch kinder eggs being unwrapped. Unwrap them yourself. 
