---
layout: post-light-feature
title: final
description:Data & D-hall
categories: articles
date: 2017-12-11
---
 WORK BY LALI & LULU
 
 https://docs.google.com/a/bennington.edu/presentation/d/1wRV7Aqs1Jow512oCzdusTKpVej3BEA6dvHvsV5FSa98/edit?usp=sharing
 
For our final we were able to gather the data regarding the dining hall over a three term window. The process of collecting this data was just as important as our analysis. We went through a process of interviews, initially meeting with Jeff from the dining hall. He was very hard to track down. Like a scene from a movie, the two of us maneuvered through hanging silver pots and pans, clouds of steam from dishwashers, colorful pantreys and flimsy, wooden walkways built to accommodate a temporary Student Center renovation while the Dining Hall was under construction. Once we found Jeff we sat down to see what information we could have access to. When we asked for budgets, or any sort of money dataset Jeff became resistant and began to shut down on us. With some quick talking and peacebuilding, Jeff became less resistant and finally offered to indeed give us the swipe information. Though it was not the data we had hoped for, the two of us felt satisfied leaving with something. Later we met with David Rees who too became sensitive when we asked for certain data. It was interesting to see first hand how sensitive certain information is treated, even when its something fairly relaxed like general dining hall budgets. Though David began the interview insisting that he has no data for us, we ended our conversation where he agreed to give us some numbers regarding how much organic food the school consumes. All in all, data has panned out to be a fragile topic, but with respectful prying, you can manage to get something. 
It was interesting to discover what information that was held from us that ultimately we were able to figure out. For example - the cost of the food. Though we had asked for the food budget and were declined our request, the data sets we were given had that information hidden within it.

It was interesting to see the actual swipe counts. Every time a student attends a meal, a swipe is recorded. There may be a set number of swipes available in the system, but the likelihood of all students cashing in on a meal is very low-- each meal has absences. With this information we would have like to see the average of how much money the students throwing away due to their lack of attendance. It was also interesting to see correlations between each meal & attendance, and general dips in the graph during events like long weekend, and the weekends in general. 

Overall this project was an exploration and practice in gathering data. Though Data tends to be a sensitive topic, resilience and respect can get you what we need

The information we asked for:
General budgets 
How much does the school pay the staff? 
How much does the school pay to maintain the dining hall facilities?
What is the actual price of the food?
Is the money made from the dining services going to the new renovations?
How much compost is created?
How many students swipe each day?

Information we were left with:
Cost of organic food purchased by the school
Number of student swipes
A general estimate of compost generated

Fun facts:

Aramark is a food distributor hired by the school to create the meal plan. They are responsible for providing food for hospitals, campuses and correctional facilities. Aramark's revenues totaled US$14.416 billion in 2016
The school generated 54 tons of compost a year

