---
layout: post-light-feature
title: Midyear
description:Hillary's Party Service 
categories: articles
date: 2017-10-17
---
 
Asad + Lulu
Mid year project
Fall 2017
Hillary Clinton’s Party Planning Service
The idea of Hillary Clinton’s party service came to us by means of both our wishes to tell a narrative though data. 
At first we hoped to make a cookbook basing our recipes on Hillary’s references to food, but this task ended up being way more difficult as first perceived.
We didn't know what we were searching for. Our key words were not effective for we were playing a guessing game of food and drinks.
We then decided it might be fun to work off the idea of political parties and birthday parties instead of food.
We wanted to tell a story based on given data sets, to animate Hillary and have to have her give advice in a cheeky fashion.
We used search terms like “gift”, “birthday”, “party” and “celebration” to compile all the advice we could.
A few personal emails gave us insight into how Hillary celebrates birthdays (mostly with phone calls). 
The programing was a simple question and response code.
Having gone through hundreds of emails, it became apparent how asinine the controversy over them actually was.  
Scraping the mass of Clinton’s emails and deciding to portray this narrative has become our political comment on the content of the emails.  
There isn’t much to be afraid of in terms of top secret information.
The scariest part would be how lame Hillary is at partying. 


print("Hey! I 'm Hillary bla bla, Is it your friends birthday?")
 
firstR = input('Yes or No?' )
 
if(firstR == 'Yes') or (firstR == 'yes'):


	secondR = input('What is their name? ')
         	
	thirdR = input ('rad! Are you looking for Ideas on getting a gift? Or throwing a Party? ')
 
	if(thirdR== 'Gift') or (firstR == 'gift'):
 
		print("Once I found a photo of me with a friend and gave it to him for a surprise 50th birthday! That was a great gift idea. Also never underestimate the value of a call. I make sure to add John Kerry to my call list whenever his birthday comes around. If you don't have the time to make the call yourself, have your assistant do it on your behalf")
 
	if(thirdR == 'Party') or (thirdR == 'party') :
 
		print('Interested in having something HYPE or casual?')

		fourthR = input ('Hype or Casual ')
 
		if(fourthR == 'Hype') or (fourthR == 'hype'):
 
			print('Do what we did for Jen. We had donuts in the morning. We had cake and ice cream later. Also, FYI, do another little "get-together" during lunch and send-off your friend with ice cream or something fun. Then I say do wine and snacks on later in the night.')


		if(fourthR == 'Casual' or fourthR == 'casual'):
 
			print('I say bring goodies for them in their honor, leave em in the break room. Otherwise im a big advocate of money donations as gifts')

	print("                   \ `|")
	print("                    ) (   .-""-.")
	print("                    | |  /_  {  '.")
	print("                    | | (/ `\   } )")
	print("                    | |  ^/ ^`}   { ")
	print("                    \  \ \=  ( {   )")
	print("                     \  \ '-, {   {{")
	print("                      \  \_.'  ) }  )")
	print("                       \.-'   (     (")
	print("                       /'-. _. ) (  }")
	print("                       \_(    {   _/")
	print("                           '-- "  )
	print("                    _.-'       /  / /")
	print("             <\/>_.'         .'  / /")
	print("         <\/></\>/.  '      /<\// /")
	print("         </\>  _ |\`- _ . -/|<// (")
	print("      <\/>    - _- `  _.-'`_/- |  ")
	print("      </\>        -  - -  -     ")
	print("       }`<\/>                <\/>`{")
	print("       { </\>-<\/>_<\/>_<\/>-</\> }")
	print(" }      </\> </\> </\>      {")
	print("     <\/>.                         <\/>")
	print("     </\>                          </\>")
	print("      {`<\/>                     <\/>`}")
	print("      } </\>-<\/>_<\/>_<\/>_<\/>-</\> {")
	print("      {      </\> </\> </\> </\>      }")
	print("      }                               }")
	print("      {           H A P P Y           {")
	print("   <\/>        B I R T H D A Y        <\/>")
	print("  </\>                               </\>")
	print("     `<\/>                          <\/>'")
	print("  	 </\>-<\/>_<\/>_<\/>_<\/>_<\/>-</\>")
	print("         ")
	print("          </\> </\> </\> </\> </\>")
 
else : print("too bad I love birthdays, goodbye")



INSTANCES SCRAPED FROM EMAILS:
Thx! I left him a message.

2009-09-07T
Do you know if I have any photo w him? If not I need a photo of me to send for a surprise 50th birthday book.

BIRTHDAY TODAY
2009-12-03
I reached Katie but Shelly's voice mail wasn't set up. Can you track her down and tell her I tried. Thx.


JOHN KERRY'S BIRTHDAY
2009-12-11
Pls add him to call list for today.


BIRTHDAY TODAY
2009-05-05
Yes, we have donuts this morning. We will have cake and ice cream for later.
are wide open at the end of the day, so it will be easy.
Also, as FYI, we will do another little "get-together" on Friday to send-off Jen
and ice cream today, and then do wine and snacks on Friday.

Friday, May 22, 2009 6:41 AM
Today, Friday 5/22, is
goodies in his honor.
birthday. He will be in the office until noon today. There will be breakfast
1R

TO HILLARY ON B-DAY
Her assistant left a voice mail (on her behalf) at the office wishing you a happy birthday.

2009-09-13
The Canadian Amb is hosting dinner for PM on 9/16 and invited me. They say they haven't heard back. Pis regret.

S AFGHANISTAN MEETG PARIS
2009-10-16
Why would we draw lines at all? Invite everyone who is part of effort.

Sunday, December 13, 2009 2:23 PM
Fw: Hello/FYI/Invite
What are the hours of the Obama party on the 21st? Can I make it to Tamera's too?


WORD "GIFTS"

-accept cash gifts or donations of services


-million-dollar donation. Other gifts by the Koons may be untraceable; federal

8/31/15
I'd like to give him a law school graduation gift. Let's discuss tomorrow.





