---
layout: post-light-feature
title: Data vs Man
description: Week One 
categories: articles
date: 2017-09-05
---
Data collection is less than human. Facts are collected from populations of people and statistics become the face of all these groups. The internet existed originally as a tool for communication but now is appropriated as a vessel for ad campaigns and intrusive advertisements, many of which collect and use your browsing data. This information is put through algorithms and programs made for the curation of ads. 
 It has been interesting to watch the great sites like facebook and (especially) youtube sell out.  I remember being little and first seeing those ads at the top of youtube. Now when I visit the site there is an obstacle course of advertisements. To watch a video you pass through many ads. There are advertisements at the top and the sides of the screen, before a video begins you can face an ad with a countdown timer that lets you know when you can “skip this ad”. Then maybe again thirty seconds in to your video you’ll need to close a little, black shadow box containing an ad at the bottom of the playing video.
The data is collected is because technology is doing its best to understand you, and you are feeding it data all the time. My phone is always on my body; I even sleep with it beside me. Google has created the google watch, which is literally fastened to your body. I can just imagine what will come next with virtual reality, and the potential to have implanted technology like what you see in a sci fi movie. What we really need is a new, decentralized web. It needs to be made pure in its intentions and its function that no one can ever appropriate it for money.  
Something like facebook has lost a lot of its ability to deliver community information. Facebook is like the walmart of social medias. You have everything from games, to groups, to news. All of these accsessories of facebook are here to increase traffic so that the site can make money off of the ads viewed on each page. With all these click holes we lose something, which is the purity and accsess to information.  for example: on campus many of the events are shared via facebook but sometimes events get lost in the rest of the chatter of the site.  Like the cloud concept mentioned in the reading, there exists an empty, untouchable relationship to the data existing on the present web. Why don’t we create a web that is based and sewed into real life?  What if we could have a tool that was sewn with real life and based on the day to day? I want to see healthy data extraction in a smaller and more human form for purposes other than profit.
